
def odd_count(lst):
    """Given a list of strings, where each string consists of only digits, return a list.
    Each element i of the output should be "the number of odd elements in the
    string i of the input." where all the i's should be replaced by the number
    of odd digits in the i'th string of the input.

    >>> odd_count(['1234567'])
    ["the number of odd elements 4n the str4ng 4 of the 4nput."]
    >>> odd_count(['3',"11111111"])
    ["the number of odd elements 1n the str1ng 1 of the 1nput.",
     "the number of odd elements 8n the str8ng 8 of the 8nput."]
    """

The following is chain of thought:
To solve this problem, we need to process each string in the input list, count the number of odd digits in each string, and then generate a specific output string for each. The output string should replace every occurrence of the digit 'i' (which is actually the count of odd digits) with that count, but note the examples show a pattern: all instances of the digit '4' are replaced in the first example, and similarly for others. However, looking closely at the examples, it's actually replacing every occurrence of the digit that matches the count? Wait, no: in the first example, the count is 4, and every 'i' in the template is replaced by 4. But the template has the word "in" and "input" which become "4n" and "4nput". So it's replacing the letter 'i' with the number (as a string) of the count.

Wait, the docstring says: "where all the i's should be replaced by the number of odd digits in the i'th string". So for each string, we compute the count of odd digits (say, n). Then we take the template string: "the number of odd elements in the string i of the input." and replace every occurrence of the letter 'i' with the string representation of n.

But note: in the examples, the output has "4n" instead of "in", and "4nput" instead of "input". So indeed, every 'i' is replaced by the number.

Therefore, for each string s in the input list:
1. Count the number of odd digits: for each char in s, if int(char) % 2 == 1, then it's odd.
2. Let n = that count (as a string).
3. Take the template: "the number of odd elements in the string i of the input."
4. Replace every occurrence of the character 'i' in the template with n.

However, note that the template has the word "in" and "input", which contain 'i'. So we replace all 'i's.

But wait: what if the count has digits? For example, if n is 10, which has '1' and '0'. But we are replacing 'i' with the entire string of n. So if n is 10, we replace every 'i' with "10". So "in" becomes "10n", which is correct.

So the steps are straightforward.

L